Documentation tweaks (fixes #460) (#462)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/NLPModels.jl: docs/src/models.md

- [NLPModelsJuMP.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/NLPModelsJuMP.jl):
  For problems modeled using [JuMP.jl](https://github.com/jump-dev/JuMP.jl).
- [QuadraticModels.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/QuadraticModels.jl):

>   For problems with quadratic and linear structure (LCQP).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For problems with linear constraints and a quadratic objective (LCQP).
```
